Hi.
Thanks for taking him for a few days.
- Are you kidding?
- My kids love Milo.
Yeah. there's a crib
sheet with our vet's info
and Milo's feeding instructions.
And if there's any problems.
we'll only be a few hours away.
He'll be fine. Have a great time.
I really appreciate this.
And you. you be a good. good boy.
All set.
We should hit the road.
You have the locations?
I printed out directions.
Wheels up in 10.
Are you ready for this?
Good to go.
Chocolate and vanilla. right?
Blue frosting. Ruby. just like you wanted.
I didn't know the girl would be with her.
I know. but...
I forgot candles.
- We have some in the pantry.
- Are there enough?
- I can run back in.
- Jim. we're good.
I gotta get to work.
Get in. Ruby.
So Paul's got Max for
the whole day. has he?
Would be a shame to
waste that opportunity.
Yeah?
- I'm sorry.
- What?
I have to go to work.
- I know. I have to go.
Right. Of course.
The wheels of strategic
consultancy stop for no one.
What's the emergency?
Confidential.
Right.
On that note. I managed
to clear my schedule for that
company picnic at your boss's.
I'm sorry I've been
dragging my heels about it.
Colin. you're a crisis auditor.
You can't just clear your schedule.
because you can't predict a crisis.
Yeah. obviously.
But what I'm saying
is. I can make it work.
And I'm an excellent plus one.
I'm sure you are.
But really. you don't have to come.
There's no pressure.
It's... it's a father-son thing anyway.
And I just don't wanna disappoint him.
Yeah.
You know. if I didn't know any better.
I'd say that you didn't
want me to come anymore.
Okay.
Look. Max thinks you walk
on water. and he's eight.
So if I tell him you're gonna be around.
and I don't know. you get a call
that some ceo got caught
with his pants down in Brazil...
well. they've really gotta
stop sending those guys to rio.
You disappear.
You're a drop everything
and go kind of guy.
and I really. really like that about you.
But Max needs someone he can rely on.
Yeah.
Understood. Yeah.
Paul can handle the
picnic. and I think that'll be
less confusing for everyone.
Okay?
Okay. Yeah. No. Of course.
Okay.
Go on. You go.
God.
Pay your last respects
to the Van kamp family.
They were killed in a car bombing
in a supermarket parking
lot in Wilmington. Delaware.
The daughter. Ruby. would
have been nine tomorrow.
That's horrible.
Cora Van kamp was chief science officer
at axion data systems.
also located in Wilmington.
and ads does top secret
cyber projects for the Pentagon.
So what. they think this is the work
of international terrorists?
Or a malign state.
Any info yet on the device?
- Miguel?
- Yep.
Fragments are already on
their way to tedac in Alabama.
Go find out exactly
what she was working on
and if she had any enemies.
Right. Let's do this. shall we?
Thought you guys like to blend in.
What's with the shirt?
It's black pink. It's a k-pop band.
I've never heard of them.
What. are you hiding a
teenage daughter somewhere?
I guarantee you. I will not be
the only tech bro at this company
wearing a k-pop t-shirt.
So that's your play here?
I'll handle the security
office on my own. bro.
Brilliant.
Quantico 2016. right?
That's right.
I did my 20 and booked.
Running security here. I
pull in four times my gs-13.
You should think about it.
Maybe.
So you knew Cora Van kamp?
Sure. It's a damn shame.
Nice lady. good pedigree.
Came from lockheed. Ran data science.
- On their DoD projects?
- I assume so.
They don't read me in on the fine print.
Yeah.
So. did Cora ever report any threats.
suspicious communications?
Nothing. Caught us all flat footed.
- I gotta take this.
- Go ahead.
All right.
Hey. babe. Yeah.
- My god.
- I'm so sorry.
- My bad. my bad.
- Be more careful. bro.
My bad. my bad.
Hey. excuse me. Is anybody sitting here?
No.
It's kind of a tough day to be here. right?
Horrible.
- Yeah.
- Our daughters were friends.
No way.
We were supposed to
go to their birthday party.
My... I am so sorry.
That's awful.
How'd you know her?
- I. i...
- I can't really say.
DoD project?
I can neither confirm nor deny.
I'm Mike. by the way.
- Tamara.
- Hey.
This has to be related to work. right?
That's the only sense I can make of it.
Her personal life was totally chill.
I don't know.
I mean. the coders are the
ones with all the expertise.
Why would they zero in on her?
Cora. she kept a low profile. but...
She once told me if the joint chiefs
ever wanted to shut down
the electrical grids in Beijing.
they'd call her.
Wow.
And we'll need to add a launch site
closer to the pacific northwest
to maximize our efficiencies
because that whole sector
is completely neglected.
Guess whose oversight that was?
All mine.
But what I wanna talk about
right now is the Ted talk.
See how many viewers are on that?
50 million views.
Mr. Myers. how about a pic for insta?
Now?
Please. please. please.
We're huge Stans.
Your Ted talk on AI slayed. dude.
Yeah. Okay. Come on.
Come on.
Come on...
My god.
Let's get out of here.
Please. please. please.
Cameron Myers.
The poor man's Elon Musk.
Your poor man is a multi-billionaire
whose company launches our satellites
and military payloads.
His company had a standing
reservation at that restaurant
every Monday.
The medical examiner
believes he died of exposure
to a vx nerve agent that was applied
to the inside of a baseball cap.
- Well. what about the girls?
- Weren't they exposed too?
Yeah. the one who handed
him the cap. Danielle. just died.
Car bombs. nerve gas six hours apart?
I know assassinations are contagious.
but two victims in military tech?
- This is no coincidence.
- No.
Yeah. I ran a monte Carlo simulation.
Most likely scenario.
the murders are part
of a conspiracy to
cripple our cutting edge
warfare capabilities.
Hey. finally. we got some good news.
Cassidy. the girl who recorded
the attack. she got lucky.
Limited exposure. She's
coming out of sedation.
Where's she at? St. Michael's?
Yeah. go.
Okay.
She said she'd pay us $500
if we pranked him and took a video of it.
With the baseball cap.
Everyone knows he's
a die hard Boston fan.
so if we could get a video
of him in a New York cap...
she gave us the money
and the cap in a sealed bag.
Told us where he was.
Said we get 500 more
when we send her the video.
And you didn't even think to question it?
I don't know. I don't... I don't know.
Look. I swear. we didn't
know there was like.
poison on that cap.
I am so sorry. Okay?
Danielle is dead.
Cameron Myers too.
All for Internet likes.
And this woman. what did she look like?
Like your guys' age. in her 50s.
Can you remember anything else?
Dark hair. dark eyes.
She was there. sitting at
the bar in the restaurant.
We were supposed to send her the video
so we can get the
rest of the money. but...
Then we started feeling sick.
Here's the security
footage from the restaurant.
That must be her at the bar. blending in.
Right here. everyone turns.
looks at the commotion.
except our mystery woman.
Yeah. she doesn't run.
She doesn't try to help.
She just walks away calmly.
'cause her work is done.
And here is the k-town footage.
Well. okay. Stop. Zoom in on her.
Okay. we can work with that.
Run it through facial rec.
Don't stop till you get
something to go on.
On it.
Besides being a hugely
successful entrepreneur
and a media darling. Cameron Myers
was an engineering savant.
There are several hundred
cx aerospace spacecraft
circling earth right now.
and he designed them all.
And how many of those
are purposed for military use
or space force?
I'm not at Liberty to
discuss our technologies.
Well. rest assured. we both have
top security clearance
from the Pentagon.
In my world. that's aa ball.
You'd need to rate exceptional
before I could read you in
on strategic capabilities
of specific spacecraft.
Well. I don't need to
rate anything. Ms. Bailey.
to know that cx's bread and butter
is launching the world's nastiest toys
into the fourth domain.
- I wouldn't call them toys.
- No?
Anti-satellite systems. laser weapons...
forgive my partner for showing off.
No. no. my point is that
there's a dozen malign actors
out there right now popping champagne
'cause your boss is dead.
Without a doubt. But who they are...
is what we'd like to find out.
So how about this?
Does your company interface
with axion data systems?
Again. even if I knew. I couldn't tell you.
Come on. come on. come on.
I just got this from the FBI bomb tech.
The ignition device
was a low-end burner.
Okay. any traceable serial numbers?
A partial. and this particular model
was distributed to
seven convenience stores
in northern New Jersey.
Okay. Road trip?
Wait. I think I can save
you guys some time.
Please do.
He drives 58 miles an hour. tops.
We got a handful of facial rec hits
from the restaurant video.
so if I can cross-reference that
with the footage from
k-town. it matches to... Her.
Farah abanpour. tea neck. New Jersey.
And we got her husband. Joe abanpour.
Owns a landscaping business.
Naturalized U.S. citizens.
emigrated here from Iran in 2014.
Any vehicles?
Yeah. a Honda and a Ford panel Van.
All right. I'll put bolos out.
We've got the Honda in the driveway.
But no Van.
Alpha ready. Go. go. go.
Check there.
Clear!
Clear right!
Clear back!
Room clear!
Clear!
That's a bit on the nose. isn't it?
Classic overcompensation.
Our killer is an animal
lover and a recycler.
It's heartwarming.
And they left their laptop.
No. no. no. no!
- Move! Go. go. go!
- Man down!
You okay?
- Yeah.
- Yeah?
Can't believe you almost got "jonik'ed."
Got what?
The laptop was rigged
with a motion sensor.
I saw it in Ukraine.
- So it went off when you...
- when I tackled you. Yeah.
But if you'd have picked it up...
I owe you one.
Two. actually. if we're keeping score.
The abanpours wouldn't
have booby trapped a laptop
if they were coming back home.
Are they running or hunting?
- I don't know.
- They're on a roll.
So why stop now?
Is that printer cleared?
All right. voucher that. and let's bag up
what's left of the laptop.
I did a deep dive on
Joe and far ah abanpour.
There is no Joe and far ah abanpour.
Those names are
legends created for them
by the Iranian revolutionary guard corps.
Just as I thought.
Quds force spies.
Slipped into the country 11 years ago
and stayed off our radar ever since.
What are their professional covers?
Farah graduated from
touro college of pharmacy.
works at her local walgreens.
and Joe runs a landscape design firm.
What I don't understand is.
it's been over a decade. and...
I can answer that.
Kevin. welcome to the thunder do me.
What do you got?
As you may have heard.
DoD has been developing
a new and improved
bunker buster in an effort
to wipe out Iran's nuclear infrastructure.
I'm familiar.
Our desk believes that in response.
a long dormant sleeper
cell here in the U.S.
Has been awakened.
- Activated by Tehran after 11 years.
- Yeah.
You were stationed there at
one point. weren't you. Nikki?
Tehran? Never been.
But if we're developing
weapons to take out
their nuclear systems. they'll retaliate.
And your two victims. Cameron
Myers and Cora Van kamp.
each of them was directly involved
in the weapon's development.
If their work is done.
they will go underground.
We need to find them.
Okay. hang on. I got something.
We sent the memory
chip to get processed...
the one on the printer
found at the abanpours.
The last print jobs were GPS directions
to Cameron's dinner
spot. the Van kamps.
and the sound point country club.
Cross-reference membership ledgers
to any companies related
to axion or Cameron Myers.
Yeah.
Wait. it looks like Cameron
just bought the Bennett company.
which is a small firm that manufactures
electromagnetic devices.
and John Bennett. the ceo.
is a member at the club.
What?
He had a 1:00 P.M. tee time today
with his teenage son.
Anyone know John Bennett?
John Bennett? Excuse me. somebody.
Excuse me. John Bennett?
Anyone know John Bennett?
- You're John Bennett?
- Get in the car. Kyle.
- That's them! That's them!
Get out of the car! Get out of the car!
Move. move. move! Get out of the car!
- I gotta go.
- Get your son out of the car!
Get out of the car! Get out of the car!
John Bennett?
That makes five victims in two days.
The abanpours got what they wanted.
They're probably on their
way to getting exfil'd out.
And now Westchester
pd lost their Van on 684.
And we're fresh out of leads.
Not quite.
If I could just... thank you.
Yeah?
Counterterror desk knows
how to ID the handler?
That's shooting the moon.
but I got the next best thing.
We're always keeping tabs
on Iran's permanent mission.
Lots of turmoil over there
means that things are up for grabs.
You're saying there's a soft target?
Leila karimi.
She's pretty. isn't she?
That's never gonna work.
The Iranians are too buttoned up.
I'm just laying it at your feet.
Do with it what you will.
All right. Okay. have a good night.
Bye.
Excuse me. Excuse me. I'm so sorry.
This bike's reserved.
You can't reserve a bike.
Hey.
Well. obviously you're not aware
of the new enhanced reservation
system they have for vips?
You don't look very vip to me.
Wow.
- Okay.
- Can I have my bike now?
Why don't we settle this over a drink?
You're asking me out?
Okay. full disclosure.
there's no enhanced reservation system.
It was a... a ruse.
Pretty poor one at that.
Dunno. I thought it was worth a try.
Or not.
Okay... Bike home safely.
Wait.
I'm Leila.
Derek.
I always wanted to travel.
I would plan these
imaginary trips to rio. Bangkok.
What about London? You ever go there?
I didn't wanna assume. but
is that where you're from?
Yeah. yeah.
Spent my entire life there. actually.
until my UK firm
banished me to New York.
It's not really my cup of tea here.
Homesick.
I know the feeling.
Do you miss Tehran?
My family. my culture.
Yeah. that part.
My dad actually went there in
the '70s when he was a hippie.
Fell in love with the place actually.
said Tehran was like
a Cosmopolitan oasis.
Yeah. as long as you
bowed down to the shah.
It's different times.
Well. it's much worse
now. though. isn't it?
- Sorry. I didn't mean to...
- Not at all.
It's just where I work.
you... you can't talk
about things like that.
Right.
Well. don't worry. your
secret's safe with me.
What about your secrets?
Rohan jafari emigrated
here 20 years ago.
Lives with his wife on park Avenue.
Two kids at Dalton.
Living the Manhattan dream.
Yeah.
This translator at the Iranian mission.
What. Leila?
She's reliable?
Well. let's just say she
can't hold her liquor.
After a few cocktails. she told
me everything I needed to know.
So that's in your company's playbook?
Yeah. it is. because it's very effective.
Is it?
Well. obviously. as Leila also told me
that someone signed
two Canadian passports
out of the office safe this morning.
And you're sure she's not
sending us on some goose chase
just to buy some time?
Yes. bill. I'm quite sure.
And it's wild goose chase.
Okay.
There he is.
That's him. yeah.
It looks like he's got the goods.
Let's go.
Yeah. yeah. yeah.
Okay. that must be the dead drop.
Okay. so the abanpours
are here in the city.
He's leaving.
Okay. you wait here and collar them.
I'll stay with Dr. Jafari.
- Copy.
- Give me your keys.
I might need your car.
No can do.
That's against regulations.
Seriously. bill.
Active investigation.
Give me the keys.
I promise I'll treat it like my own.
That's what I'm afraid of.
No. no. no. no. Come on.
Hey. buddy. I'll take the bag. please.
- No way. man.
- Well. it's mine.
I actually forgot it here earlier.
I got it first.
I'll ask you nicely one more time.
Whoa. whoa. No need to get nasty.
All right.
Here you go. cowboy.
Thank you.
You have a good day.
They turned up yet?
No. and they're not going to.
Well. what do you
mean? What's going on?
It's a swag bag from his dentist's office.
He was on to us.
- A phony dead drop?
- I'm gonna ask you again.
Could Leila have played
you. tipped them off?
I don't know. I doubt it.
I bet jafari's just being cautious.
Did you manage to tail him?
Yeah. I'm a few cars behind him.
He's just about to turn
north on the palisades.
I guess he might be
making a personal delivery
- to the abanpours.
- Okay.
Stay on him. Do not engage.
I'll grab a few agents and catch up.
Copy that.
Okay.
We're on the palisades near Hastings.
Okay. he's pulling off into
some sort of roadhouse.
Copy.
Okay. I'm at Rick's club
American off New York 303.
Five minutes away.
All right. I'll try and stall him.
Just hurry up.
Excuse me. sir. Hey. I'm so sorry.
My phone has just run out.
and I'm trying to get to nyack?
- Sorry. no idea.
- Can you help me?
Look. if I could borrow your
phone for just a second...
sorry. I don't have time for this.
You don't understand. I
have a family emergency.
- I'm in a rush...
- please. sir. sir. I'm begging you.
Get in the car and drive away.
- Okay.
- Get back in.
Okay. okay. I'm getting in. I'm getting in.
Get in the car!
FBI. Gentlemen. we got a problem here?
I'm so sorry.
I was asking this man for directions.
- and then he pulled a gun on me.
- He's lying. officer.
He tried to Rob me.
Secure the weapon.
I have a license for that.
Yeah. I'm sure you do. Cuff him.
Sir. do you mind if I go
inside and call my wife?
- Go ahead.
- Yeah? Thank you.
Hold up. hold up.
What do we got here?
What's that?
You're under arrest for espionage
against the United States of america
and destruction of property.
Get him out of here.
Bacon cheeseburgers?
Fake Americans till the bitter end.
I wouldn't. Joe.
The FBI are right outside.
It's over.
Did the FBI notice my Van outside?
There is a bomb inside.
armed with 20 kilos of c4.
I press send. and this
building will be obliterated.
Along with every one
of these real Americans.
You're bluffing.
Ask John Bennett or the
Van kamp family about that.
Or you can call the bomb squad.
We can wait.
Stay back!
Hey. hey. hey. hey. hey. hey!
- Drop the gun!
- Get them out of here.
What's going on?
They've rigged the Van with c4.
It's got a cell phone trigger.
Just get out. I'll deal with it.
- Okay. go.
- Got it.
Back up. guys. back up.
Nobody move.
Hands where I can see them.
Now put your phones out on the table.
Now! Hurry!
You too.
You. you. grab the phones.
Put them on the bar.
Hey!
Farah.
You. shut the blinds.
Okay. everybody stay calm.
We're gonna try and
work this out. okay. people?
Joe? Joe. talk to me.
What's your plan?
There is an airfield in
ogdensburg. New York.
I will drive our Van
there with four hostages.
They will be released when the private jet
that you procure for us lands in Tehran.
- If you try to stop us...
- Okay. okay. okay.
Let me go outside and talk to the FBI.
I want everyone to get out
of here alive. including myself.
Tell your friend to
meet you at the doorway
where I can see you.
If you or him try any
tricks. we all go to heaven.
Understood.
This is the real deal?
90% sure. Yeah.
They want a private jet out of here.
Yeah. so do I. The
bomb is phone activated?
Well. we need to call
the fcc and shut down
any cell towers that ping here.
Better idea. Call Miguel.
Get him to hack his way into it.
Okay. when everyone out
here loses their cell service.
you guys come in hot.
I don't have my phone. so I
won't know when that'll be.
- All right?
- That's enough.
I got you.
- Gotta go.
- Go.
Okay. good news.
They've agreed to your demands.
How long?
I'm trying. Nikki. I'm trying.
Okay. there are three towers
within range of the restaurant.
- Let's go.
- Up! Up!
You. you. you. let's go. Come on.
This is bad. This is bad.
If they leave this
location. they'll get service
at other towers.
Come on. Up. up. up.
- You two. let's go.
- Joe. what's happening?
We're leaving now.
But the plane's coming from laguardia.
They need to refuel.
It's gonna take at least an hour.
I don't care. we're leaving now.
It's better to stay here.
There's restrooms.
We'll wait at the airport. Farah.
- Let's go. guys. Hurry.
- Let's go.
You go first. Let's go.
Go. go. go. Go!
First one's disabled.
You go in front.
Go.
Keep going.
Move!
Get inside. Go.
Go!
Stay right there.
That's enough. That's good.
Get in. get in.
Come on. come on. come on. come on.
Second one's disabled.
All right.
- That's good.
- You.
Good. good. good. Get inside.
If they follow us. there
will be one less passenger.
Joe. take me with you.
I can help you with stuff down the line.
No. I'm afraid not.
Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa.
The third tower has no cipher settings...
never mind. I got it.
Joe. you don't understand the situation.
The FBI are gonna try
something with this jet.
I don't believe you.
Let's go. let's go.
Let's go.
Got it.
Drop the guns!
Move up!
Drop it!
Drop 'em.
I said drop 'em! Now!
Drop it.
On your knees! Drop the gun!
- Hands up.
- All clear.
Let's go.
Hands above your head.
Secure that weapon. Cuff him.
You good?
Good job. partner.
That was harrowing.
Yeah. yeah.
I'd call Nikki to tell her
it's over. but no service.
Well. you were right.
He loves it.
Well. he's a man after my own heart.
I started playing rugby
when I was his age.
Just wait till I show him how
to throw a proper spin pass.
I see what you're doing. you know?
And what's that?
You just happened to be driving by
a sporting goods store
in the middle of the day?
It's not a bribe. Sarah.
No. I know.
I just... It doesn't change anything.
Max already has a father.
Paul is boring. but he shows up.
Well. this is me showing up. right now.
You are visiting. There's a difference.
Okay.
Brutal honesty time.
Look. I know that I can be a bit flighty.
and I understand your impulse
to pull away because of that.
No. Colin. that is not what I...
no. no. Please. Sarah. please.
I get it that you're scared
about you and Max.
but I think you should
know that I'm scared too.
I lost someone not that
long ago. someone that I...
that I really loved.
She died.
I had no idea.
I'm so sorry.
It's okay.
I've been walking around
since then like I was half asleep.
I met you. and... You've woken me up.
I didn't think I could ever feel like that
about someone again.
But I can. because I do.
Sarah. I really. really care about you.
- And I think that I'm... I'm falling.
- Me too.
Me too.
Your boy. Mr. Colin glass.
he is not easy to track.
Powers down his phone during off hours.
Pops up here and there for facial rec.
but he knows how to
stay in the shadows.
- Don't ever tell him that.
- He'll take it as a compliment.
I meant it as a compliment.
That man practices digital hygiene
and counter-surveillance.
Everyone's got a blind spot.
True enough.
And I think I found it.
The tracker that you
put on that Aston Martin.
Nikki's ex-husband's
car. He didn't return it?
He did. but not before
visiting Ms. Sarah Lloyd.
Does she matter?
Well. maybe.
Now. for starters. your
friend Colin sees a lot of her.
but also through a shell
company that loans her out
to a Delaware llc.
It appears that she works
in international development.
Interestingly. the parent
company's pyramid security.
Pyramid security. Remind me.
They do this and that.
Shady spies for hire.
And they're global.
So Colin's secret girlfriend
works at a billion-dollar intelligence shop.
So what do you want me to do?
Track her?
Delete everything. Do
nothing until I report back.
Your call.
Thanks. Ian.
Take care of yourself.